hello we are playing Minecraft and by we
is John which is me and grant which is
Mesa 2000 oh em I'm simps part in 117
may be such a thousand where'd you go
dude are you buy this steps that got
destroyed I was dead I'll she died how'd
you die an that's how I died off where
did it look what did it blow up now
alright so we made these nice steps down
and tricking a creeper just blew this up
a little bit ago cuz grant came down
here jumped down from up there oh come
on all right there's another creeper
what part of our house is now destroyed
it's an awesome house and in future
episodes we're going to show it to you
and we're going to explain what the crap
that is might already know but alright
so that's grant we both have the default
skin because we're both noobs and we
don't know how to change them this is
our house I'm John this time yay anyways
this visit video isn't gonna to our
house right now what its gonna do is
just do it um system what we owe jumped
he jumped off into a lake oh we're just
were just uh just like like laying down
the fundamentals that were that were
like letting you guys know that we're
going to be doing a let's play series
kind of like Kevin and and Zack do and
if you're watching this you probably
have seen their videos because there are
a lot more popular minecraft videos at
ours but we don't really care about
popularity we're just doing it for fun
um we don't mind if we don't mind if
like after the 30th episode um like we
have three views on it like that won't
bother me at all I don't know about
grant probably won't bother him probably
don't you doesn't really care about this
at all this was all my idea actually
yeah I'm warning ya I don't know how
that has anything to do with this
or this conversation but apparently
Mormons do not care about videos at all
yeah that makes sense anyways all right
ah so sorry handsome this is probably
really boring for you guys all look at
this look at this grants gay room okay
that's his room this is my room earlier
he put it like you didn't know he still
doesn't know obviously how to take down
the sign and change it which probably
now knows that he has to take it down
but in retaliation to that one inside
you just put a sign here that had a
penis on it or makeshift penis I was
like what the crab is that a penis and
that was actually in our original
starting video but I kind of screwed
that video up because i'm a noob and i
don't know how to refer can record a
video on my computer I was I'm still
learning this problem this video
probably might not even make it YouTube
because i'm a noob but if it does
hopefully it's an HDD alrighty well we
really want to make this super short
because our last attempt at this was 60
minutes long and we felt like the first
60 minutes is way too long for just an
initial video saying hey in the future
and the next day we're going to make
some videos we're going to work in
making 15 to 30 minute long videos of
adventures only interesting stuff we
play a lot together this is our
multiplayer map just us two and we have
put about 11 hours into this map so far
and we did not want to mow most let's
play series just restarts a map from the
beginning and starts series there but
this I didn't come to us until after
we've already spent 11 hours on this map
and we liked it so much that we're like
no we'll just catch them up in the first
couple episodes of what we've done which
in the next episode we'll go through and
show you what we've done in 11 hours
we've kind of seen most of it our house
I've run around the house a lot but
anyways we're going to end this here and
in the future yeah I'll look for it all
three of you that are watching this
video right now yeah